# CommLab-Video-Project

Documentation - Jun Lee

Project Name
The Rascals Music Video
Project Description: what is the project, what is the overall concept and theme, and what kind of experience you were striving to create.
We chose the fourth option for our video project where the story of the video would be the music. Our overall theme is “wannabe punk/emo” where the band members of the music video want to be a punk band with an emo concept. To achieve this, the students make a music video of their favorite song: “Can You Feel My Heart” by the band Bring Me the Horizon, but ultimately ends up being silly and goofy. The concept for the website that holds the video is a scrapbook that holds all the elements of the project in one place. The website, through the format of a scrapbook, mimics the mind map of our project by portraying different elements spread across the website. Our target experience for the audience of the music video is a mix of funny and cheesy emotions through the exaggerated lip syncs and random awkward footage. For our website, the target experience for the user is to freely explore all the elements of the scrapbook which holds different information and videos. By spreading all the elements across our website, we hope the users will feel free to navigate our website and be informed or entertained by the contents of it. 
Process: How did you go about implementing the concept.
For the video, the footage of the music video has a dark filter to set the punk & edgy atmosphere and has multiple backgrounds to make it look like an actual music video. The actors had black costumes and waxed hair to add that punk & edgy appearance. For the website, the user can interact with this website by clicking on the stickers of the scrapbook for description or information about the project and the music video or blooper footage of the music video for entertainment. The call to action for the users to freely navigate around all the elements of the website is done through the instruction “click on the stickers for information or bloopers” and the stickers also enlarge and spin if the user hovers their mouse cursor over them. The user can also download or subscribe to the original music / band’s youtube channel through the download and subscribe button. 
Reflection/Evaluation: This should bookend the initial concept and talk about whether your expectations and goals were met in the process of building the final working version.
Initially, we had multiple ideas for our video’s concept. First, we had the idea to make a documentary of other groups making their project to make a “meta” project, but we disregarded this idea because the scheduling was too dependent on other groups, making it unrealistic for execution. Our second idea was to make a “how to” video on how to make a band with scripted lines and instructions. As we got into the stage of filming this idea, we spontaneously had an idea to film a parody music video instead, which is how we got into our current project’s concept of wannabe punk band parody music video. Throughout the process, our initial expectations were met by Mudi’s outstanding video editing skills and the final product of our website which portrayed our punk band theme well especially with its scrapbook concept and format of different elements spread across the website. 
